CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## How to contribute
- Make sure the project isn't already in the list and not an [existing issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/issues)
- Create an [issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/issues/new/choose) with the link and name of the project you want to add(project must have at least 10 contributors)
- Once the project is approved, create a PR adding the project to the readme

## How to create a PR
- First [Fork](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/fork) the project
- Cloning the your repo to creating a branch
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/react-open-source-projects
  ```
  ```bash
  cd react-open-source-projects
  ```
  ```bash
  git remote add upstream https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects.git
  ```
  ```bash
  git checkout -b YourName/ProjectName
  ```
  
- Add the project to the readme and add it to git
  ```bash
  git add readme.md
  ```
- Commit
  for adding a project
  ```bash
  git commit -m"docs: add <projectname>"
  ```
  something other than adding a project
  ```bash
  git commit -m"docs: <what you did>"
  ```
- Push
  ```bash
  git push
  ```
  
## Special Thanks To The Amazing Contributors in
[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects)](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/graphs/contributors)

Commit message:

docs: add rules for projects

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Requirements for projects
- Project must have at least 10 contributors
- Project must be active, no less than 1 month update

## How to contribute
- Make sure the project isn't already in the list and not an [existing issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/issues)
- Create an [issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/issues/new/choose) with the link and name of the project you want to add
- Once the project is approved, create a PR adding the project to the readme

## How to create a PR
- First [Fork](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/fork) the project
- Cloning the your repo to creating a branch
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/react-open-source-projects
  ```
  ```bash
  cd react-open-source-projects
  ```
  ```bash
  git remote add upstream https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects.git
  ```
  ```bash
  git checkout -b YourName/ProjectName
  ```
  
- Add the project to the readme and add it to git
  ```bash
  git add readme.md
  ```
- Commit
  for adding a project
  ```bash
  git commit -m"docs: add <projectname>"
  ```
  something other than adding a project
  ```bash
  git commit -m"docs: <what you did>"
  ```
- Push
  ```bash
  git push
  ```
  
## Special Thanks To The Amazing Contributors in
[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects)](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/graphs/contributors)
