README.md, before:

# react-open-source-projects
A list of open source react projects to contribute to.

Add your personal or favorite open source react project, read the [contributing.md](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) file on how

# Projects
  #### 1. [Whisper](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Whisper) - A Fun Application to have a random chat with people safely 
  #### 2. [Milan](https://github.com/IAmTamal/Milan) - A hub for the Users to connect with the NGOs, Charities and other orgs for a good cause ! 
  #### 3. [DripUI](https://github.com/khazifire/DripUI) - A collection of free Tailwind CSS components to bootstrap your new apps, projects or landing sites! 
  #### 4. [Noteslify](https://github.com/dvstechlabs/Noteslify) - Your Privacy Friendly, Open Source. Alternative to EverNote. 
  #### 5. [DeveloperFolio](https://github.com/saadpasta/developerFolio) - 🚀 Software Developer Portfolio Template that helps you showcase your work and skills as a software developer. 

  #### 6. [Abbreve](https://github.com/Njong392/Abbreve) - Abbreve is an open-source dictionary for slang.

Commit message:

chore: add year in review archive

README.md, after:

# react-open-source-projects

A list of open source react projects to contribute to.

Add your personal or favorite open source react project, read the [contributing.md](https://github.com/Dun-sin/react-open-source-projects/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) file on how

# Projects

#### 1. [Whisper](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Whisper) - A Fun Application to have a random chat with people safely

#### 2. [Milan](https://github.com/IAmTamal/Milan) - A hub for the Users to connect with the NGOs, Charities and other orgs for a good cause !

#### 3. [DripUI](https://github.com/khazifire/DripUI) - A collection of free Tailwind CSS components to bootstrap your new apps, projects or landing sites!

#### 4. [Noteslify](https://github.com/dvstechlabs/Noteslify) - Your Privacy Friendly, Open Source. Alternative to EverNote.

#### 5. [DeveloperFolio](https://github.com/saadpasta/developerFolio) - 🚀 Software Developer Portfolio Template that helps you showcase your work and skills as a software developer.

#### 6. [Abbreve](https://github.com/Njong392/Abbreve) - Abbreve is an open-source dictionary for slang.

#### 7. [year-in-review](https://github.com/kaf-lamed-beyt/year-in-review) - An archive that holds the "year in review" articles written by folks in the tech community to serve as a form of encouragement, inspiration or Ginger!
